# About
### Name: EPA QR Tool
### Version: 1.3

### Description 
A python-based tool for tracking assets (e.g., people, equipment) through the use of QR codes. The system uses USB-interface webcams along with the open-source python-based software for scanning and generating QR codes. The system was designed to read QR codes attached to assets. QR stations (consisting of a laptop and webcam) can be staged at various locations for the purpose of tracking an entity for logistical and health and safety purposes.

# Installation
Run the QR-Toolbox-Installer-v1.3.exe file in the Setup folder. Refer to and follow the User Guide in the Documentation folder.

# Quick Start Guide
Test

# Important Notes
Note: the tool requires a Sharepoint ID and passcode to operate (see the settings.py in Setup folder). 
This information is specific to your organization or account. For EPA users, please contact Timothy Boe and Jonathan Pettit 
to obtain the necessary settings information.

Note: The software is limited to only the QR Codes generated by itself. Outside sources not allowed (will not work properly).
English and Latin characters only.

# Credits
### Authors 
Code integration, enhancements, & platform development - Timothy Boe boe.timothy@epa.gov and Muhammad Karimi 
karimi.muhammad@epa.gov; Xiaowen Huang - Office 365 integration; qrcode - Lincoln Loop info@lincolnloop.com; pyzbar - Lawrence Hudson quicklizard@googlemail.com; OpenCV code - Adrian Rosebrock https://www.pyimagesearch.com/author/adrian/

### Contact 
Timothy Boe boe.timothy@epa.gov   
Jonathan Pettit pettit.Jonathan@epa.gov